--- Nap God help ---Nap God can be used to look up information about common sleep schedules, change your displayed sleep schedule and group, and to save and look up napcharts.
-----------------------------------------------
---Schedule ListTo view information about a sleep schedule, type + followed by the schedule name. For example, +DC1 will display information about DC1.Nap-only/Superhuman schedules: Dymaxion Naptation SPAMAYL Tesla UbermanDual core schedules: DC1 DC2 DC3 DC4 QuadphasicTri core schedules: TC1 TC2 TriphasicEveryman schedules: E2 E3 E4 E5Biphasic schedules: Biphasic Segmented SiestaExperimental/Unproven schedules: TrimaxionNon-polyphasic schedules: MonoOnce you have chosen your sleep schedule you can use the +set command to tag yourself with it and move yourself to the matching role. You can also use +set to set a napchart against your account (created on <https://napchart.com/> or with the +create command) which others can then look at. Further details found below.If you are new to polyphasic sleeping and are not sure about which sleep schedule to try, feel free to ask for help and advice in the #beginners channel.
--------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------------
To set your sleep schedule: Type +set followed by a supported schedule name. For example, if you wanted to change your schedule to DC1, you would type +set DC1. You may also specify a schedule variant by using a dash separator, e.g. +set DC1-extended (supported variants are shortened extended flipped modified and mutated). Experimental unlisted schedules can be set with +set Experimental.To set your napchart: Type +set followed by the napchart link. For example, +set https://napchart.com/ro1mi. To remove your chart instead, use none in place of a link.To set both at the same time: Just specify both. For example, +set DC1 https://napchart.com/ro1mi(Please note that if you change schedules without also setting a napchart, any existing napchart you have will be automatically removed.)To look up your own napchart: Type +get.To look up someone else's napchart: Type +get followed by the name of the user. Any of the following name formats will work: +get Tinytimrob, +get Tinytimrob#1956, +get @Tinytimrob. Mentions should be avoided though as these will ping the user in question.To create a new napchart: Type +create followed by a series of time ranges. For example, +create 03:00-05:00 08:00-08:20 14:00-14:20 21:00-23:00. A napchart link will then be generated for you. (If you want to set it, you will have to do that manually afterwards)To count number of people on each schedule: Type +schedulecount.To list all members sorted by schedule: Type +memberlist.To list all members with napcharts set: Type +chartlist.
-----------------------------------------------
