E5 (Everyman 5)
-----------------------------------------------
This schedule is intended for people attempting to transition to Uberman or retain an Uberman sleep rhythm. People looking for a permanent schedule should consider E4 instead. It is also below the minimum sleep threshold of most people and consequently has a very low success rate.  It is strongly recommended that inexperienced polyphasers do NOT attempt this schedule.
-----------------------------------------------
**Invented by**: Tinytimrob, based on E4 and Uberman- 
**Total sleep**: 3 hours 10 minutes- 
**Classification**: Uberman transitional schedule in an Everyman style- 
**Specification**: 1 min-length core (1 full cycle), 5 naps- 
**Mechanism**: Transitional variant of E4 with 5 naps that follows Uberman rhythm. 1 core sleep before midnight to gain as much SWS as possible, graveyard nap, dawn nap, mid-morning nap, mid-afternoon nap, and evening nap. A combination of REM-only and mixed-stage naps is likely.
**Adaptation difficulty**: Very hard- 
**Ideal scheduling**: Sleeps are scheduled to start every 4 hours which resembles Uberman. Transition step between DC4 and Uberman and also useful as a fallback from Uberman should adaptation fail. Generally inferior to E4 unless keeping Uberman rhythm is useful (the extra nap leads to slower sleep onset)
-----------------------------------------------
---Schedule Statistics ----

Attempted: 1 / 1073 (0.09%)  

Adapted: 0 / 1073 (0.00% of members, 0.00% of attempted)