During adaptation and after adaptation to a polyphasic schedule is successful, sleep stage repartition is complete. Repartition means the rearrangement of sleep stages into each sleep (core/nap) in your schedule. This results in a nap possibly full of SWS in the evening, another nap full of REM around dawn for example. 

***Before repartitioning***: When one first begins polyphasic sleep, sleep stages have not been repartitioned. The process of falling asleep goes like this: Sleeper enters NREM1 (Non-REM), light sleep, with wakeful state for some time, then NREM2, starting to fall asleep and reality of surrounding fades and awareness gradually becomes null, NREM3 (or SWS, aka slow-wave sleep), a stage that they sleep the deepest, and there's usually no dreaming in this stage, and finally REM (rapid eye movement) where dreams occur. And this process applies to monophasic sleepers.

***After repartitioning***: Once adaptation is complete, your sleep schedule is stabilized in each sleep. It's common to expect a very dreamy nap around dawn in your location, suggesting that the nap is REM dominant. You will obviously go through NREM1 and NREM2 (takes some time to fall asleep), but you bypass NREM3 to enter REM. Since adaptation is successful, you wake up easily and after around 15m of REM (this number is just an example), you enter NREM1, then wake up comfortably. If you nap late in the day, close to evening, the results vary - you might enter REM very fast after lying down, or it could be an SWS dominant nap, in which you can't recall dreams, or sleep very deeply. Or you could get both SWS and REM in just a 20m nap, which is still possible. 
**Conclusively**, after repartitioning is complete, NREM1 and NREM2 are reduced in your sleeps, saving space for SWS and REM which are more important for physical and mental functions. 
